League of Nations securities: investing in business as an important growth point in the transformation of wealth management operations
The party's 20-year report stresses that “common wealth is the essence of socialism in China’s identity.” The management of wealth, as an important hub for the allocation of capital elements, has a direct impact on the property income of the population and plays an important role in promoting common wealth. Exploring trends in wealth management operations, optimizing the distribution of wealth among the population, and achieving the preservation, value addition and transmission of the wealth of the population, is the driving force and historical mission of the wealth management bodies.
In 2022, the country's wealth chain generated $1.5 trillion, based on reports from China, which generated income of $500 million, $70.71 billion, $614.5 billion, $75.8 billion, $111.4 billion, respectively, from investment, sales and capital management. As a result, the country's wealth chain is now the main source of revenue generation in the wealth chain.
History of the development of our wealth management business
First, the budding phase.
In the 1990s, the Government began to issue treasury bills to society in order to finance the strengthening of the economy as a result of reforms and opening up. In 1988, the Ministry of Finance ' s Pilot Implementation Programme for Open Trench Transfer Markets led to the opening of public treasury bills for market transactions. In 1990, the capital market began to develop rapidly. On 12 October 1990, the Chengzhou Commodity Exchange was established, and in May 1993, futures were officially introduced.
This period has been accompanied by a steady increase in the standard of living and a gradual increase in the financial needs of the population. In 1991, the country's first nation-wide, integrated equity insurance company was established. In 1998, our first fund management company was created. In 2001, our first open fund was established. In 2004, the first bank regulated the issuance of property.
This was followed by a rapid increase in the scale of wealth management and a rise in banking governance.
The introduction of the Securities and Investment Fund Act in 2004 has led to a significant improvement in the legal regulation of the Fund and to the innovation of the Fund's products, with the creation of the LOF Fund, the ETF Fund, the QDII Fund. The stock market “Cow Market” situation in 2006-2007 has also provided a cross-cutting development of the Fund, which at the end of 2007 stood at $327,559 million, an increase of almost six times over two years.
Following the 2008 global financial crisis, the size of equity-based fund management was affected by a significant restructuring of the stock market, with the Fund sector moving into a steady period of development.
In response to the 2008 global financial crisis, the country introduced an economic stimulus package, with large-scale credit expansion. Banks circumvented capital occupancy and credit scale statistics by regulating arbitrage in order to meet the demands of a thriving entity’s economic financing needs and capital adequacy.
At present, in the new phase of wealth management, the management business returns to its source.
In 2018, the Guidance on the Regulation of Asset Management in Financial Institutions was issued, and the financial sector ushered in a new era of large-scale financial management.
In 2019, the CSRC issued a circular on the completion of pilot work for investment advisers of public equity investment funds, which marked the official arrival of our capital investment pilot and the opening of the buyer ' s investment model in China. As of 30 September 2023, 58 institutions, 28 of them subsidiaries and 30 securities companies and subsidiaries, were eligible to invest in capital markets based on the standard network fund ' s operating code.
As a result, the country's wealth management has entered a new phase, with a more sophisticated chain of industries. The regulatory system has been restructured, Internet finance has become widely available, index funds and low-cost management products such as ETFs have flourished, buyers have invested in the development of their businesses, together with various financial operations such as brokerage, tax planning, consumer finance, inheritance, and loan deposits, creating new types of general wealth management operations and widening the product lines of wealth management operations.
Limitations and deficiencies in our wealth management operations
First, “funds don't make money for their own people”.
In comparison with developed countries, our capital market has a relatively high share of individual investors, with nearly half of our clients being private investors, while individual investors may lack the necessary expertise and be vulnerable to emotional fluctuations that lead to higher and lower returns on investment. According to the Survey of the Situation of Investors in the National Public Fund Markets (2020), private investors are risky in purchasing public funds and have irrational behaviors that promote volatility in the market.
Secondly, there is intense competition for product homogenization.
In recent years, our multilayered capital market system has been very effective, with a growing variety of investments, but the variety of investments in wealth management continues to be more homogeneous, taking into account investors’ overall conservative investment preferences, which focus mainly on a few highly liquid assets, such as deposits, bonds, equities, etc. The product homogenization of different distribution channels is stronger, the business model is highly homogeneous, and the industry has not yet fully developed its comparative advantages and has not yet developed a good ecosystem for the cooperative development of the industry.
Finally, there is a shortage of specialized personnel.
With the development and spread of wealth management markets, wealth management clients have become more demanding in terms of age and diversity in wealth management, which places higher demands on the professionalism of the employees of wealth management bodies, and the industry is facing a development bottleneck in the lack of talent. Advanced wealth management talent needs to build up basic theoretical knowledge of law, taxation, finance, etc., to provide clients with a wide range of services, deep programmes, and warm communication, and to gain experience in practice.
Investing in business is an important growth point in the transformation of wealth management operations
Ignoring business improves irrational behaviour at the end of wealth management investments.
The buyer’s investment emphasis is on customer-centred knowledge of customer investment needs and the provision of customized wealth planning and asset allocation services by distinguishing between clients’ risk preferences and investment management objectives. The investment is built on a process-wide basis, directly affecting the client community, with full-process accompanying services such as proper customer management, teaching, decision-making on the number and timing of specific fund investment types on behalf of clients, optimizing investment management and allocation, encouraging clients to reduce irrational investment decisions, leading customers to make long-term investment decisions, and ultimately promoting high-quality capital market development.
Investing in business can provide differentiated portfolio investment advice.
Investing in business is a bridge between client-specific demand and product-specific configuration services that can provide a unique wealth-management programme with thousands of people, effectively exploring the matching of multi-asset, multi-strategy portfolio investment with the good dynamics of client demand. Investing in portfolio strategy is designed to adapt to changing wealth management needs of the population, creating a rich pool of strategy through a parallel model of “pre-set strategy plus exclusive strategy” that allows product labels to be accurately matched to client portraits and applied to diverse scenarios.
Investing in business effectively serves local wealth businesses.
In recent years, there has been a “dividualization” of business continuity, up-to-date, intelligent and professionalization, and continuous innovation and deepening of service forms and service content. In the form of services, they have been further refined and promoted through APP, micro-message, public distribution, and Internet platform collaboration. In terms of service content, innovative research methods have been developed to enhance cross-practice research, value for investment, and quality of education.
The future: the direction of wealth management operations
The focus of wealth management operations is to create value for customers, and the rates of wealth management agencies should match the value they create for customers. Through wealth management operations, the following three directions can be considered: increase the rate of return on their investments, reduce the cost of investments (including the cost of service rates, time costs and the loss of irrational investments, etc.) and improve the investment experience of clients.
Production shelves are enriched and output gains are higher in investment decisions.
Improving client returns on investment is at the heart of the wealth management business, and the test is the proactive management capacity of wealth management agencies. Rationally controlling the size of product management, without expanding beyond capacity margins, can better guarantee investment performance.
Attracting capital inflows through scale effects and working with industrial chains to reduce investment costs.
Small and medium-sized wealth management institutions, in the head-to-head process, quickly capture target group and AUM growth through low rates, with a scale effect. Through appropriate institutional arrangements and incentives, they share values with internal lines of business (e.g. wealth, business, investment, etc.) to generate multi-dimensional income and reduce the cost of customer investment.
Increased investment in human resources and scientific and technological investment.
By its very nature, wealth management is ‘people’s’ business, and talent is a bridge between markets and customers, and the most important resource for improving customer investment experiences. The future of wealth management will inevitably require investment in a wealth pool that can provide structured services to clients.
